Support application specific adjustment of extra images included by sysbuild (#51166)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/application_development/sysbuild/with_mcuboot/README.rst

.. _with_mcuboot:

Sample with MCUboot
###################

Overview
********
A simple example that demonstrates how building a sample using sysbuild can

> automatically include MCUboot as bootloader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically include MCUboot as the bootloader.
```

Author: applied, thanks :+1:

> It show case how the sample can adjust the configuration of extra image by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It showcases how the sample can adjust the configuration of extra image by
```

Author: applied, thanks :+1:

creating a image specific Kconfig fragment.

Sysbuild specific settings
**************************

This sample automatically includes MCUboot as bootloader when built using
sysbuild.

> This is achieved with a sysbuild specifc Kconfig configuration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is achieved with a sysbuild specific Kconfig configuration,
```

Author: applied, thanks :+1:

:file:`sysbuild.conf`.

The `SB_CONFIG_BOOTLOADER_MCUBOOT=y` setting in the sysbuild Kconfig file
enables the bootloader when building with sysbuild.

The :file:`sysbuild/mcuboot.conf` file will be used as an extra fragment that
is merged together with the default configuration files used by MCUboot.

> :file:`sysbuild/mcuboot.conf` adjust the log level in MCUboot, as well as
> configure MCUboot to prevent downgrades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:file:`sysbuild/mcuboot.conf` adjusts the log level in MCUboot, as well as
configures MCUboot to prevent downgrades and operate in upgrade-only mode.
```

Author: applied, thanks :+1:
